all right what's going on people back
with another video and today I'm
something a little bit different than
normal you guys know me I'm all about
branching out trying different brands
and having different shoes for different
occasions so in the summertime when it's
hot out and I'm out towards the beach
you can definitely catch me in a pair of
boat shoes so today I have something
from Sperry Top Sider in collaboration
with Barneys New York on their ayo model
I have a few different boat shoes and
I've noticed that Sperry tends to make
some of the best ones so I'm really
excited to have these I have them here
in in red as well as a black let me show
them to you guys up close real quick
point out some details that like and
then I'll toss them on feet so rather
than a traditional leather the entire
upper of the shoe is a premium red suede
I like how they switched up the
materials on there on the toe box you
have some thick white stitching which
runs into two sets of lace loops you
have square white laces which are really
nice and then you have that traditional
boat shoe lacing system wrapping around
the back of the shoe on the heel you
have the Sperry sail logo and then more
thick white stitching below that you
have a white sole but you also have
these red speckles on the entire sole I
really like that a lot a lot of times
boat shoes tend to be very reserved so
it's cool to see that they put that
detail on here a little bit on the
outsole of the shoe as well so let me
show you guys the black ones real quick
it's pretty much the same thing except
you have a black suede and the speckles
are black on here as well on the insole
of the shoe you have Sperry Top Sider
and Barneys New York I like how they
added that detail in there and this
insole is comfortable so be sure to let
me know which one of these you guys like
let me toss them on feet
quick and I can give you guys some info
on sizing as well now for me it's like a
must that I wear both shoes with no
socks on you guys can wear socks if you
like but I am a big fan of going cyclist
it just makes the shoe more comfortable
more breathable and it serves its
purpose but feel free to wear socks with
these especially if you want to break
them in like that at first maybe some
no-show socks either one so as far as
sizing goes
I usually go down to half a size
especially if I'm not wearing socks with
them really helps with that perfect fit
but I definitely just recommend trying
on a pair if you're interested so
there's a look I just have them here
with some Ben Sherman she knows that I
have rolled up they bring you guys back
up real quick so like I said it's really
important to have different shoes for
different occasions not only our boat
shoes perfect to wear out towards the
beach but if you're going somewhere
where sneakers just aren't appropriate
and you don't feel like wearing a dress
shoe a boat shoe is a perfect thing to
wear there as well so I hope you guys
like this video let me know which one
you liked better like I said these are
exclusively available at Barneys they're
going pretty quick so if you're trying
to grab a pair you can get one on
Barney's website so hit the thumbs up
button if you guys liked this video be
sure to subscribe if you're new if you
want to hit me up on Twitter or
Instagram I'll put all that information
in the description and I hope you guys
enjoyed it I'll talk to you later peace